Wow, what an audience. But if I'm being honest, I
don't care what you think of my talk. I don't.
I care what the Internet thinks of my talk.
Because they're the ones who get it seen and get
it shared. And I think that's where most people
get it wrong. They're talking to you, here,
instead of talking to you, random person
scrolling Facebook. Thanks for the click.
You see, back in 2009, we all had these weird
little things called attention spans. Yeah,
they're gone. They're gone. We killed them.
They're dead.
I'm trying to think of the last time I watched an
18-minute TED talk. It's been years,
literally years. So if you're giving a TED talk,
keep it quick. I'm doing mine in under a minute.
I'm at 44 seconds right now. That means we've got
time for one final joke.
Why are balloons so expensive? Inflation.